I want to show you a recipe using quick
flaky pastry and this is called I've
called them galettes
and they're little discs of pastry very
very thin that can have any number of
interesting fillings put on the top and
the way you make them is to roll it out
very very thinly like this and then they
need to be about six inches in diameter
so I've got a plate that is exactly that
size don't worry if it if it's a bit
more a bit less and then what you do is
you cut round the plate like that and
this recipe will actually make six of
these altogether six like that and then
I'm going to put them onto a baking
sheet and I'm going to cut one more out
now and what I like to do with these is
if you make six they'll serve three
people for a light lunch they get two
each or for a first course one each so
he goes number two now what you do is
you carry on like that
I'll probably get three more out of here
and then what I'll have to do is reroll
the pastry roll it out to get the last
one now I'm going to show you some
toppings that'll go on the top of that
the first one is sort of Greek in its in
its design and you start off with
spinach and the spinach is fresh spinach
that's been lightly cooked seasoned and
flavored with nutmeg and then chopped
very finely and squeezed very hard the
spinach mustn't have any water left in
it at all
that's going to be spread out all over
the galette first of all and then that's
going to be topped with feta cheese and
that's just been cut into little tiny
cubes
and then I'm going to use pine nuts to
give it a little bit of crunch so pine
nuts on the top and that's not ready for
the oven
this one I'm going to start off with
basil leaves and they're going to be
just arranged on top of the pastry like
that and then on top of the basil I'm
going to put tomatoes and if the first
one has a Greek influence I think this
one is more Provencal because after the
tomatoes have gone on the next thing
that's going to go on is some goats
cheese crumbled again like the first one
into little pieces and then I'm going to
finish off with a little basil leaf just
on the top there in in the middle and
now I'm just going to drizzle both of
them before they go into the oven they
have a little drizzle of olive oil over
the surface and then finally this one's
already got seasoning the spinach one
but this one is going to need some salt
and pepper on the tomatoes and now
they're going to go in a preheated oven
a very hot oven you pre-heat your oven
to its highest setting and then you pop
them in you need two baking trays to get
six on you pop them in and they're going
to take only ten or twelve minutes to
cook
so there we have savoury galets
and i'm just going to transfer a couple
over to the plate here because the
spinach version I think is nice if it's
served just sprinkled with a little
Parmesan cheese as it goes to the table
so that would be a very lovely light
lunch served perhaps with the salad
you